README.md, before:

# Practice advanced concepts in Angular

### two-way binding [(ngModel)]

### pass property values from parent component to child component using input binding @Input("name") property: type

### pass property values from child component to parent component using output binding @Out("name") property: type

### implement parent-child components communication with @viewChild() technique 

### implement parent-child components communication with @viewChildren() technique 

### as a developer, I want to build a feature facilitate communication between a child and a parent component using a service class as a directive

### as a developer, I want to implement communication among components using observables and observers

### as a developer, I want to create an box to store items every time when user add something using RxJS behavior subject

### as a developer, I want to pass view content from the parent component to the child component using ng-content and component selector

### as a user, I want to have a 'select all' box when select will select all the likes boxes for all books. As a developer, I want to implement this feature using @viewChildren for reader(parent) and likes components (grandchild) communication and @ContentChild for books(child) and likes components communication; as a developer, I use want to implement the same feature using @ContentChild when multiple grand child instances are passed to the child component


### as a developer, I want to implement ElementRef so that component can use plain HTML elements instead of other components

### as a developer, I want to use Gulp library to automate ng build process with code changes. when Gulp is up and running, whenever there is a code change saved, it will automatically copy that file and paste it in the same file in the destination file

Commit message:

update learning obejct for life cycle hooks in readme

README.md, after:

# Practice advanced concepts in Angular

### two-way binding [(ngModel)]

### pass property values from parent component to child component using input binding @Input("name") property: type

### pass property values from child component to parent component using output binding @Out("name") property: type

### implement parent-child components communication with @viewChild() technique 

### implement parent-child components communication with @viewChildren() technique 

### as a developer, I want to build a feature facilitate communication between a child and a parent component using a service class as a directive

### as a developer, I want to implement communication among components using observables and observers

### as a developer, I want to create an box to store items every time when user add something using RxJS behavior subject

### as a developer, I want to pass view content from the parent component to the child component using ng-content and component selector

### as a user, I want to have a 'select all' box when select will select all the likes boxes for all books. As a developer, I want to implement this feature using @viewChildren for reader(parent) and likes components (grandchild) communication and @ContentChild for books(child) and likes components communication; as a developer, I use want to implement the same feature using @ContentChild when multiple grand child instances are passed to the child component


### as a developer, I want to implement ElementRef so that component can use plain HTML elements instead of other components

### as a developer, I want to use Gulp library and ng build --watch command to automate ng build process with code changes. when Gulp is up and running, whenever there is a code change saved, it will automatically copy that file and paste it in the same file in the destination file

### as a developer, I want to understand life cycle hooks in angular, what is the use case for each cycle interfaces, how to implement hook method, when to implement, and why use each, which ones are implemented automatically and which ones are not

### as a developer, I want to implement
- ngOnChanges()
- ngOnInit()
- ngDoCheck()
- ngAfterContentInit()
- ngAfterContentChecked()
- ngAfterViewInit()
- ngAfterViewChecked()
- ngOnDestroy()
